so I got a Ryobi in last night it's a
four-stroke
well they nothing now I took a runner
wise not doing nothing the timing belt
here wouldn't spin so that had led me
that it had fallen off a little gear in
here which it didn't it's fine it's nice
and taut take off the flywheel and the
key is just done
so that needs to be replaced I choose my
sentry pneumatic air hammer to take off
the clutch assembly that works really
would so
clutch assembly but um so yeah it's a 30
cc four-stroke pretty complicated but
little spark plug for this thing this
thing this basswood me this thing is
tiny compared to a spark plug that the
echo takes there's a big little
difference there but uh yes I'll figure
it out five wheels like eighteen bucks
get that
I had taken off the
the
oil pan thing here and you're doing
pretty good she was overfilled on the
oil but he had nothing to do with the
guy thought they had something to do
with it I want but this goes to show you
that the stupidest thing the cheapest
thing to go wrong on something but we're
gonna get to fly with four it probably
won't be able to get it till middle of
next week if my part supplier doesn't
carry it they probably do in knowing
them they carry pretty much everything
carb kits and everything always pretty
much in stock and they always get stuff
in two days after Colin so through a
good company and yeah she's she turning
you know she working just that flywheel
key it's slipping on the shaft they're
not grabbing anything northeast flow
Keys grab a bright they're looking there
so that's interesting
yeah so that would cause that to slip
especially under compression loads I'm
going to piss in with Annie return so we
got her just need to fly with I'm going
to put all this crap somewhere else
stuff you know how that goes
thanks for watching guys